TW-111 Updates - Server upgrade sequence (#1762)
temporalio/documentation: docs/clusters/how-to-upgrade-the-temporal-server-version.md

First check to see if an upgrade to the database schema is required for the version you wish to upgrade to.
If a database schema upgrade is required, it will be called out directly in the [release notes](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/releases).
Some releases require changes to the schema, and some do not.

> We ensure that any consecutive versions are compatible in terms of database schema upgrades, features, and system behavior, however there is no guarantee that there is compatibility between _any_ two non-consecutive versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We ensure that any consecutive versions are compatible in terms of database schema upgrades, features, and system behavior; however there is no guarantee that there is compatibility between _any_ two non-consecutive versions.
```
Oops; I should've caught this edit earlier.

> When upgrading your Temporal Server version, ensure that you upgrade sequentially. For example, when upgrading from v1.n.x, always upgrade to v1.n+1.x (or the next available version) and so on until you get to the required version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When upgrading your Temporal Server version, ensure that you upgrade sequentially.
For example, when upgrading from v1.n.x, always upgrade to v1.n+1.x (or the next available version) and so on until you get to the required version.
```

> The Temporal Server upgrade updates or rewrites the old version data with the format introduced in the newer version. Since Temporal Server guarantees code backward compatibility between two consecutive minor versions, and because older versions of the code are eventually removed from the code base, skipping versions when upgrading may cause older formats to become unrecognizable. If the old format of the data can't be read to be rewritten to the new format, the upgrades will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Temporal Server upgrade updates or rewrites the old version data with the format introduced in the newer version.
Because Temporal Server guarantees backward compatibility between two consecutive minor versions, and because older versions of the code are eventually removed from the code base, skipping versions when upgrading might cause older formats to become unrecognizable.
If the old format of the data can't be read to be rewritten to the new format, the upgrades fail.
```

> Check the [Temporal Server releases](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/releases) and follow these releases in order. You can skip patch versions, and use the latest patch of a minor version when upgrading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the [Temporal Server releases](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/releases) and follow these releases in order.
You can skip patch versions; use the latest patch of a minor version when upgrading.
```

> Also be aware, that each upgrade requires the History Service to load all Shards and update the Shard metadata, so allow ~10 minutes on each version for these processes to complete before upgrading to the next version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also be aware that each upgrade requires the History Service to load all Shards and update the Shard metadata, so allow approximately 10 minutes on each version for these processes to complete before upgrading to the next version.
```

Some releases require changes to the schema, and some do not.

> We ensure that any consecutive versions are compatible in terms of database schema upgrades, features, and system behavior, however there is no guarantee that there is compatibility between _any_ 2 non-consecutive versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We ensure that any consecutive versions are compatible in terms of database schema upgrades, features, and system behavior, however there is no guarantee that there is compatibility between _any_ two non-consecutive versions.
```

> When upgrading your Temporal Server version, ensure that you upgrade sequentially. For example, when upgrading from v1.n.x, always upgrade to v1.n+1.x (or the next available version) and so on until you get to the required version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When upgrading your Temporal Server version, ensure that you upgrade sequentially.
For example, when upgrading from v1.[n].[x], always upgrade to v1.[n].[x+1] (or the next available version) and so on until you get to the required version.
```
The sense is that the user needs to upgrade from v1.18.1 to v1.18.2 to v1.18.3 up to v1.18.[max], right? And then increment _n_ if appropriate? (Some things are a lot easier to write in code than in a natural language.)

Check the [Temporal Server releases](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/releases) and follow these releases in order (you can skip patch versions).

> Also note, that each upgrade requires the History Service to load all Shards and update the Shard metadata, so allow a few minutes on each version for these processes to complete before upgrading to the next version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, be aware that each upgrade requires the History Service to load all Shards and update the Shard metadata, so allow a few minutes on each version for these processes to complete before upgrading to the next version.
```
